ceremony division
you always wanted a dream ceremony but don't know where to turn
and the right answer
in an increasingly competitive sector it is important to approach on foot
specialists to carry out a giant ceremony
and of sure effect
a point of reference where to find the precious clothes for the bride and the effort
select the best Italian and foreign brands
elegant and refined dresses
even jewels combine the precious artisan tradition with
more exclusive materials. a wide choice of Italian models also comfortable
a selection that blends the taste of romanticism with the best garments of signatures
as carlo pignatelli the brides of gaia demetrios magnani marries mistral fashion
tiburtina
it's still
ceremony division thinks to dress even the guests that the children because i
bund 1
be really int
carmignac on the most important occasions and for those who want a dress on
measure created according to your wishes ceremony division or a tailoring
internal specialization
able to embody in beautiful dresses
Your wishes
game
raw materials second wedding ceremonies available to the
clientele other services for a party given meetings
hairdresser makeup that lots of accessories
quality choice convenience
our formula has always been that of time and hard experience
come and visit us at cologno monzese
viale liguria 24
just 20 meters from the traffic light reach us comfortably from the exit
of the FB Cologno Monzese sud bypass
15 years old the 800 meters from the metro station 2 bologna centro
also visit others
sales to view our homeland
sposi cologno center and cologno monzese kimbie 1037 on the corner with viale liguria
with entry into via liguria 24
the bride's boutique via cologno monzese viale liguria 26 near
marriage service waiting for
at the number 28 fashion ceremony instead the showcase in Milan in the area
loreto in purple way 9
the bride
the style of tradition that contains all the romanticism of a unique moment
in a dress from
offer small details precious in the style of myself. unique in the
piccadilly piacenza map
eight different collections offer a wide choice of over 200
v50 ready-made clothes when needed. make to measure starting from 590
EUR
groom
a rich bridal collection offers still competitive prices
ideal performance that combines elegance and dynamicity and style extracts if one
gritty and refined groom from a first price of 390 euros
women's ceremony collection our ceremony effervescent sumptuous woman
if necessary, build precious inserts with window fabrics
origami lace
that crime is for the image of a refined woman dominant figure of the
seduction the 11 women's collections offer ideas for all tastes where
personally but also the invite the exist the gifts to dress have high fashion
adequate for an important anniversary starting from 250 euros
ceremony collection
a man who knows how to stand out in style and esake personality
merge sharm the grit
collections that allow the satisfaction of different needs and styles i
teasing
the most important moment for a father who accompanies his own at the altar
daughter
for the little ones
ceremony division itself even the little ones with simple but
elegant and certainly sent the sympathy and light-heartedness of the children
also for communion
the internal company outlet offers happy hour at realizable prices
convenience and quality come together for the pleasure of giving you elegance
loss of style on the most advantageous conditions;
finally rich assortment collection
Shuttle Service
ceremony division also carries out a convenient rental service
those who prefer practicality and convenience
available to customers numerous services division ceremony offers you
a comfortable turbo hairdressing service performed only by staff
specialized to be truly impeccable of the lessons anymore
important all this hey more is a remedial ceremony division site.
combat